[docs] Add docs for Upgrade Assistant APIs (#30330)
elastic/kibana: docs/api/upgrade-assistant.asciidoc

[role="xpack"]
[[upgrade-assistant-api]]
== Upgrade Assistant API

> experimental[This API is *experimental* and may be changed or removed completely in a future release. The underlying Spaces concepts are stable, but the APIs for managing Spaces are currently experimental.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
experimental[This API is *experimental* and may be changed or removed completely in a future release. The underlying Upgrade Assistant concepts are stable, but the APIs for managing Upgrade Assistant are currently experimental.]
```

> The Upgrade Assistant API allows you to check the upgrade status of your Elasticsearch Cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Upgrade Assistant API allows you to check the upgrade status of your Elasticsearch cluster
```

> and reindex indices that were created in the previous major version. The tools help you prepare

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and reindex indices that were created in the previous major version. The assistant helps you prepare
```
